UniqueID	Kind	Dictionary Entry Name	Definition	Object Class Term	Property Term	Representation Term	Sequence Number
	DT		Complex Data Type containing Supplemental Components				
	CC		Content Component				
	SC		Supplemental Component contained within the Data Type				
UDT000001	DT	Amount. Type		Amount		Amount	
	CC	Amount. Content	A number of monetary units specified in a currency where the unit of currency is explicit or implied.	Amount			
	SC	Amount. Currency. Identifier	The currency of the amount.	Amount	Currency	Identifier	1
	SC	Amount. Currency Code List Version. Identifier	The version of the UN/ECE rec. 9 code list.	Amount	Currency Code List Version	Identifier	2
UDT000002	DT	Binary Object. Type		Binary Object		Binary Object	
	CC	Binary Object. Content	A set of finite-length sequences of binary octets.	Binary Object			
	SC	Binary Object. Format. Text	The format of the binary content.	Binary Object	Format	Text	1
	SC	Binary Object. Mime. Code	The mime type of the binary object.	Binary Object	Mime	Code	2
	SC	Binary Object. Encoding. Code	Specifies the decoding algorithm of the binary object.	Binary Object	Encoding	Code	3
	SC	Binary Object. Character Set. Code	The character set of the binary object if the mime type is text.	Binary Object	Character Set	Code	4
	SC	Binary Object. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the binary object is located.	Binary Object	Uniform Resource	Identifier	5
	SC	Binary Object. Filename. Text	The filename of the binary object.	Binary Object	Filename	Text	6
UDT000003	DT	Graphic. Type		Graphic		Graphic	
	CC	Binary Object. Content	A set of finite-length sequences of binary octets.	Graphic			
	SC	Binary Object. Format. Text	The format of the binary content.	Graphic	Format	Text	1
	SC	Binary Object. Mime. Code	The mime type of the binary object.	Graphic	Mime	Code	2
	SC	Binary Object. Encoding. Code	Specifies the decoding algorithm of the binary object.	Graphic	Encoding	Code	3
	SC	Binary Object. Character Set. Code	The character set of the binary object if the mime type is text.	Graphic	Character Set	Code	4
	SC	Binary Object. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the binary object is located.	Graphic	Uniform Resource	Identifier	5
	SC	Binary Object. Filename. Text	The filename of the binary object.	Graphic	Filename	Text	6
UDT000004	DT	Picture. Type		Picture		Picture	
	CC	Binary Object. Content	A set of finite-length sequences of binary octets.	Picture			
	SC	Binary Object. Format. Text	The format of the binary content.	Picture	Format	Text	1
	SC	Binary Object. Mime. Code	The mime type of the binary object.	Picture	Mime	Code	2
	SC	Binary Object. Encoding. Code	Specifies the decoding algorithm of the binary object.	Picture	Encoding	Code	3
	SC	Binary Object. Character Set. Code	The character set of the binary object if the mime type is text.	Picture	Character Set	Code	4
	SC	Binary Object. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the binary object is located.	Picture	Uniform Resource	Identifier	5
	SC	Binary Object. Filename. Text	The filename of the binary object.	Picture	Filename	Text	6
UDT000005	DT	Sound. Type		Sound		Sound	
	CC	Binary Object. Content	A set of finite-length sequences of binary octets.	Sound			
	SC	Binary Object. Format. Text	The format of the binary content.	Sound	Format	Text	1
	SC	Binary Object. Mime. Code	The mime type of the binary object.	Sound	Mime	Code	2
	SC	Binary Object. Encoding. Code	Specifies the decoding algorithm of the binary object.	Sound	Encoding	Code	3
	SC	Binary Object. Character Set. Code	The character set of the binary object if the mime type is text.	Sound	Character Set	Code	4
	SC	Binary Object. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the binary object is located.	Sound	Uniform Resource	Identifier	5
	SC	Binary Object. Filename. Text	The filename of the binary object.	Sound	Filename	Text	6
UDT000006	DT	Video. Type		Video		Video	
	CC	Binary Object. Content	A set of finite-length sequences of binary octets.	Video			
	SC	Binary Object. Format. Text	The format of the binary content.	Video	Format	Text	1
	SC	Binary Object. Mime. Code	The mime type of the binary object.	Video	Mime	Code	2
	SC	Binary Object. Encoding. Code	Specifies the decoding algorithm of the binary object.	Video	Encoding	Code	3
	SC	Binary Object. Character Set. Code	The character set of the binary object if the mime type is text.	Video	Character Set	Code	4
	SC	Binary Object. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the binary object is located.	Video	Uniform Resource	Identifier	5
	SC	Binary Object. Filename. Text	The filename of the binary object.	Video	Filename	Text	6
UDT000007	DT	Code. Type		Code		Code	
	CC	Code. Content	"A character string (letters, figures or symbols) that for brevity and/or language independence may be used to represent or replace a definitive value or text of an attribute."	Code			
	SC	Code List. Identifier	The identification of a list of codes.	Code	Identifier	Identifier	1
	SC	Code List. Agency. Identifier	An agency that maintains one or more code lists.	Code	Identifier	Identifier	2
	SC	Code List. Agency Name. Text	The name of the agency that maintains the code list.	Code	Text	Text	3
	SC	Code List. Name. Text	The name of a list of codes.	Code	Text	Text	4
	SC	Code List. Version. Identifier	The version of the code list.	Code	Identifier	Identifier	5
	SC	Code. Name. Text	The textual equivalent of the code content.	Code	Identifier	Text	6
	SC	Language. Identifier	The identifier of the language used in the corresponding text string.	Code	Text	Identifier	7
	SC	Code List. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the code list is located.	Code	Identifier	Identifier	8
	SC	Code List Scheme. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource identifier that identifies where the code list scheme is located.	Code	Identifier	Identifier	9
UDT000008	DT	Date Time. Type		Date Time		Date Time	
	CC	Date Time. Content	The particular point in the progression of time.	Date Time			
	SC	Date Time. Format. Text	The format of the date/time content.	Date Time	Text	Text	1
UDT000009	DT	Date. Type		Date		Date	
	CC	Date Time. Content	The particular point in the progression of time.	Date			
	SC	Date Time. Format. Text	The format of the date/time content.	Date	Text	Text	1
UDT000010	DT	Time. Type		Time		Time	
	CC	Date Time. Content	The particular point in the progression of time.	Time			
	SC	Date Time. Format. Text	The format of the date/time content.	Time		Text	1
UDT000011	DT	Identifier. Type		Identifier		Identifier	
	CC	Identifier. Content	"A character string used to identify and distinguish uniquely, one instance of an object in an identification scheme from all other objects within the same scheme."	Identifier			
	SC	Identification Scheme. Identifier	The identification of the identification scheme.	Identifier		Identifier	1
	SC	Identification Scheme. Name. Text	The name of the identification scheme.	Identifier		Text	2
	SC	Identification Scheme Agency. Identifier	The identification of the agency that maintains the identification scheme.	Identifier		Identifier	3
	SC	Identification Scheme. Agency Name. Text	The name of the agency that maintains the identification scheme.	Identifier		Text	4
	SC	Identification Scheme. Version. Identifier	The version of the identification scheme.	Identifier		Identifier	5
	SC	Identification Scheme Data. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the identification scheme data is located.	Identifier		Identifier	6
	SC	Identification Scheme. Uniform Resource. Identifier	The Uniform Resource Identifier that identifies where the identification scheme is located.	Identifier		Identifier	7
UDT000012	DT	Indicator. Type		Indicator		Indicator	
	CC	Indicator. Content	The value of the indicator.	Indicator			
	SC	Indicator. Format. Text	"Whether the indicator is numeric, textual or binary."	Indicator		Text	1
UDT000013	DT	Measure. Type		Measure		Measure	
	CC	Measure. Content	The numeric value determined by measuring an object.	Measure			
	SC	Measure Unit. Code	The type of unit of measure.	Measure		Code	1
	SC	Measure Unit. Code List Version. Identifier	The version of the measure unit code list.	Measure		Identifier	2
UDT000014	DT	Numeric. Type		Numeric		Numeric	
	CC	Numeric. Content	"Numeric information that is assigned or is determined by calculation, counting or sequencing."	Numeric			
	SC	Numeric. Format. Text	"Whether the number is an integer, decimal, real number or percentage."	Numeric		Text	1
UDT000015	DT	Value. Type		Value		Value	
	CC	Numeric. Content	"Numeric information that is assigned or is determined by calculation, counting or sequencing."	Value			
	SC	Numeric. Format. Text	"Whether the number is an integer, decimal, real number or percentage."	Value		Text	1
UDT000016	DT	Rate. Type		Rate		Rate	
	CC	Numeric. Content	"Numeric information that is assigned or is determined by calculation, counting or sequencing."	Rate			
	SC	Numeric. Format. Text	"Whether the number is an integer, decimal, real number or percentage."	Rate		Text	1
UDT000017	DT	Percent. Type		Percent		Percent	
	CC	Numeric. Content	"Numeric information that is assigned or is determined by calculation, counting or sequencing."	Percent			
	SC	Numeric. Format. Text	"Whether the number is an integer, decimal, real number or percentage."	Percent		Text	1
UDT000018	DT	Quantity. Type		Quantity		Quantity	
	CC	Quantity. Content	A counted number of non-monetary units possibly including fractions.	Quantity			
	SC	Quantity. Unit. Code	The unit of the quantity.	Quantity		Code	1
	SC	Quantity Unit. Code List. Identifier	The quantity unit code list.	Quantity		Identifier	2
	SC	Quantity Unit. Code List Agency. Identifier	The identification of the agency that maintains the quantity unit code list.	Quantity		Identifier	3
	SC	Quantity Unit. Code List Agency Name. Text	The name of the agency which maintains the quantity unit code list.	Quantity		Text	4
UDT000019	DT	Text. Type		Text		Text	
	CC	Text. Content	A character string (I.e. a finite set of characters) generally in the form of words of a language.	Text			
	SC	Language. Identifier	The identifier of the language used in the corresponding text string.	Text		Identifier	1
	SC	Language. Locale. Identifier	The identification of the locale of the language.	Text		Identifier	2
UDT000020	DT	Name. Type		Name		Name	
	CC	Text. Content	A character string (I.e. a finite set of characters) generally in the form of words of a language.	Name			
	SC	Language. Identifier	The identifier of the language used in the corresponding text string.	Name		Identifier	1
	SC	Language. Locale. Identifier	The identification of the locale of the language.	Name		Identifier	2
	END						